let me ask you something do you have a
bachelor's degree or will you have one
soon are you passionate about serving
the people of New York State are you
looking for a meaningful career
opportunity where you can make a
difference how about a favorable
work-life balance opportunities for
professional development and competitive
benefits if you are then it's time for
you to take a trip and learn more about
the professional career opportunities
example there are four important steps
read the exam announcement submit your
online application complete and submit
the online questionnaire and of course
take the written test so what exactly is
the professional career opportunities
exam or PCO as we call it
it's an exciting new initiative from the
department of civil service that allows
state agencies to fill a variety of
entry-level professional positions
within New York State government still
interested good your journey begins by
reading the PCO exam announcement on our
website the exam is open to anyone who
either has a bachelor's degree Oh will
have one in the near future so check out
the information on the announcement
including how to qualify for the exam if
you meet the qualification simply submit
your application online meet another
reason to take the PCO exam how about
the fact that this one exam fills more
than the next stop on your voyage is the
dashboard it's found on the website and
it acts as a navigation device to guide
you through the exam process from the
dashboard you'll be able to apply for
the exam
complete the online questionnaire and
access exam information and another
great dashboard features that it
actually tracks your progress so how
does this all work anyway
well for starters if you take and pass
the written test you'll automatically
qualify for the generalist job titles
these are entry level professional
administrative positions if you have
some specialized education or work
experience you could be qualified for
the select job titles in occupational
areas such as Health and Human Services
finance and transportation just to name
a few
so if you do have the required degree
coursework or experience to do one or
more of the select job titles simply
submit the online questionnaire and let
the dashboard do the rest so don't
forget to pay special attention to the
list of select job titles on the website
because there will be additional
qualifications required for each of
these titles the last step is actually
taking the written test itself the PCO
announcement includes information as to
when the test will be held you'll also
find a PCO test guide on the website so
are you ready to take the PCO journey if
you are you won't be doing it alone our
knowledgeable representatives are
available to answer any questions or
concerns you may have
we're looking for dynamic energetic
capable employees passionate about
serving the people of New York is that
you then what are you waiting for with
your PC oh that's where you want to go